So how does sending age to the peer requests work in re-act applications typically.
And I'm saying typically because if you're creating a multi-page re-act application there actually isn't
anything special to it.
You probably have your application your page where you submit a form and that sends a request to your
back and you get back a new age team page with potentially new re-act code in there.
You don't have a single page application.
You don't have a strong decoupling going on.
If you have such a single page application you have a strong differentiation between your front end
your react EP and your back and though do react up and the servers still need to communicate from time
to time but they don't communicate by exchanging H.E. e-mail pages.
So overreactive sends a request to a server.
You don't get back and you age G-mail page instead you can back some Jason data typically or you send
some Jason data to the server.
If you want to create some resources on the server for example this is how that works you have that
decoupling and your server.
Therefore typically it's a restful API just exposing some API endpoints to which you can send requests
to get or sense data from your stand alone react application of your approach.
I will show you in this Marchal and I will show you how to do that.